# User Interview

**Date:** February 5, 2018

**Facilitator:** Tom Bailey

**Note Taker:** Gabriel Zurita

[**Script**](https://github.com/codefordc/user-research/blob/master/2018-02-05-attendee-interview.md)

## Takeaways

It's best to keep the notes clean of commentary, so use this section to record your insights from the session.

## Notes

- **Where did you hear about Code for DC? What was described?**
I heard about it on Twitter. It was a post about a meetup group to volunteer. I don't remember which twitter account.

- **When did you find about Code for DC? How long until you attended?**
Last year (2017), around August or September. I went to the meeting that they were tweeting about, then went three months without returning.
- **What do you look for in activities you do after work?**
Entertainment. Fun. If it's something like this (CodeforDC), it has to be important or impacting. If it's my own project, it has to be something I find interesting and challenging.
- **Have you attended other DC meetups?**
No.
- **What got you to come the first time?**
I was new to town and I was looking for something to do, something besides work. I moved here from Austin, Texas, where I went to school.
- **What got you to come back?**
In CodeforDC, I got involved with this homeless service project. It was something that was easy for me to get to after work. It was nice and welcoming. A couple of friends started coming, which made it easy to return.
- **What excited you about Code for DC?**
I was excited about having a new project to work on outside of work that helped me further develop my coding skills while actually helping other people. It wasn't just the fun projects that I usually do, but a chance to make a difference.

- **Were you aware of what kinds of skills were needed?**
I was not specifically aware of skills requirements. I assumed  that some kind of programming background would be needed, though I did not know what level. I assumed there'd be a bit of every tech skill set.

When I first came in, I knew nothing about the projects. I just showed up.

- **What did you expect the skill level to be at Code for DC?**
Generally, I expected it to be pretty high. I assumed that people who spent their time outside of work coding would be someone that loved it. I learned programming on my own, and it'd be good to be around people that knew it better.
- **What was potentially intimidating about Code for DC?**
I wasn't sure if I knew enough to be productive. I thought I would sit around and just twiddle my thumbs.

- **Was Code for DC what you expected?**
Yes. I knew it'd be projects that would be about civic engagement and good for the community -- which is what I've seen.

- **What do you wish you had known? What would you tell a friend about Code for DC?**
Nothing I wish I would have known. No one thing. I wish I could have known that I coul dhave come sooner, that it didn't matter that I didn't have a strong background in any of these topics. THat's what I'd tell a friend. Just try it out. People are welcoming, and there's a diversity of interest and skills. Anyone can find something.
